FMEPRD-151 Add April 16 Release Note (#10362)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/feature-management-experimentation.md

- [Experiments](https://help.split.io/hc/en-us/articles/35511708088077-Experiments)
- [Experiment health check](https://help.split.io/hc/en-us/articles/35928892585741-Experiment-health-check)

### [New Feature] Centralized control for React SDK flag update behavior
----
#### 2025-04-16

You can now configure how your React application responds to SDK lifecycle events using new props on the `<SplitFactoryProvider>` component. This allows you to set default reactivity behavior for all components in the application, reducing the need to configure each hook individually. 

> This is especially useful for use cases like suppressing UI updates during onboarding flows or session transactions. For example, setting `updateOnSdkUpdate={false}` at the root level disables re-renders triggered by flag changes until re-enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is especially useful for use cases like suppressing UI updates during onboarding flows or session transactions. For example, setting `updateOnSdkUpdate={false}` at the root level (i.e., the `<SplitFactoryProvider>` component) disables updates of the `useSplitTreatments` hook triggered by flag changes until re-enabled.
```
